Added section to explain CAM abort operation feature (#2732)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Deploying Anywhere/deploying-managing-instances.md

This runs the stop scripts from your box instance and cleanly shuts down the OS. It’s useful if your instance does not need to be up 24/7. As some cloud providers only charge for running instances, this can save money.

**Abort**

> If the instance is running event scripts, then this abort the event script being executed and leave the instance in an unavailable state. This allows the user to recover the control of an instance stuck in a script execution not returning the control to Cloud Application Manager and fix the issue before retrying to run the event script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the instance is running an event script, then this action aborts the event script being executed and leaves the instance in an unavailable state. This allows the user to recover the control of an instance stuck in a script execution not returning the control to Cloud Application Manager and fix the issue before retrying to run the event script.
```

Author: Done
